New quickstart guide (#1223)
Unleash/unleash-edge: docs/quickstart.md

import Tabs from '@theme/Tabs';
import TabItem from '@theme/TabItem';

# Quickstart

> This document will help you get started with Unleash Edge locally.

Reviewer: We should add a link to the repo or the main docs

## Why Unleash Edge

You can think of Unleash Edge as a lightweight proxy layer between your SDKs and your Unleash instance.

Its goal is to expose the same HTTP interface while providing higher throughput.

<Tabs>
  <TabItem value="performance" label="Performance & UX" default>

>     Especially for frontend clients, Unleash Edge helps you reduce latency for flag resolution by running closer to your users. For example, Unleash Edge could run on a global CDN (Content Delivery Network) or as part of your cloud/on-premises infrastructure.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Unleash Edge helps you reduce latency for flag resolution by running closer to your users. For example, Unleash Edge can run on a global content delivery network (CDN) or as part of your cloud/on-premises infrastructure.
```

    Optionally, you can set up multiple layers between your application and the Unleash instance (daisy-chaining). This lets you define the optimal configuration for caching and resilience, while adapting Unleash Edge to your architecture's topology.
  </TabItem>
  <TabItem value="offline" label="Offline mode">
    Unleash Edge can also run in offline mode, so it doesn't need a connection to an upstream Unleash instance. This can simplify local development or help in environments with limited connectivity.

    Check out [this folder](https://github.com/Unleash/unleash-edge/tree/main/examples) to find sample feature files for offline mode.
  </TabItem>
</Tabs>

## Prerequisites

Here's what you need before getting started:

1. An [Unleash instance](https://docs.getunleash.io/quickstart) running locally or remotely (version `4.15` or later)
2. A valid [API token](https://docs.getunleash.io/reference/api-tokens-and-client-keys) for your Unleash instance
3. [Docker](https://www.docker.com/get-started/) installed and running
4. Your preferred Unleash SDK in a [sample app](https://github.com/Unleash/unleash-sdk-examples)

## How to run Unleash Edge locally

> First, make sure your Unleash instance is running (locally or remotely) and generate a new API (backend) token.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
First, make sure your Unleash instance is running (locally or remotely) and generate a new backend API token.
```
We should add links to backend tokens
